Location: Somewhere in the Outer Ring Starfield
Date: 205.11.24

As the saying goes, "Tragedy is tearing apart beautiful things for people to see." Brother Albert, a young luddic, now finds himself at the center of a tragedy: a pilgrim holding the key to paradise surrounded by the minions of demons, struggling to escape.

For a long time, the Church of Ludd's core philosophy of redeeming habitable planets and the tradition of pilgrimage have been crucial factors driving young believers into deep space exploration. This pilgrimage exploration, led by the inexperienced Albert, was initially relatively smooth. However, when the church explorers successfully extracted data about a new habitable world from an abandoned Tri-Tachyon cruiser, the situation took a turn for the worse.

The signal from the salvage ship extracting data attracted an astonishing number of remanant ships sigantures, surrounding the entire area. After several failed attempts to break free, the exploration fleet was left with only the last remaining escort forces and civilian ships, and the outcome seemed inevitable.

However, after the last desperate launch of a distress signal, there seemed to be a turning point: a new set of high-energy hostile identification signals appeared on the screen, but with clear life signals.

* * *

Despite being seen by others as a reckless brute or a naive aristocrat princess who knows little of the world, Hinanawi Tenshi has still become one of the few extradiminesonal beings relatively familiar with space in the short time since the re-appearances of Gensoukyou Manufacture. However, her casual and free-spirited style of action remains unchanged, ultimately leading her and her fleet into trouble: stranded in remanant space due to a lack of fuel caused by a hyperspace storm.

But for a character who can quickly recover and strike back fiercely after being defeated by formidable enemies, there is nothing that cannot be salvaged. After a brief analysis of the situation, she orders her deputy to adjust the enemy identification system and prepares to break through with her temporary allies.

* * *

"From now on, I will take command of all human ships in the area and will connect with any ship to coordinate combat, including the CGR Joseph. If you want to survive, obey orders, and don't hold anything back"