Location: Above Blazing Hell
Date: Unknown (Approximately at the end of the Second AI War)

Kijin Seija, the Tenma from Gensoukyou, is extremely dissatisfied with recent developments.

Despite the overall improvement in the youkai-human relations in Gensoukyou, which had always been "against common sense", things seem to be taking a turn for the worse ever since those annoying sages officially announced adjustments to the Great Hakurei Barrier control. Scenes that make the Tenma uncomfortable appear to be becoming more commonplace.

After that day, humans from the outside world, along with kappa, started large-scale construction projects in the village. Youkai within the village began openly revealing their identities and directly interacting with humans. Products like the tengu's communication company and a pharmaceutical company from the bamboo forest, obvious forced amalgamations of ancient and modern elements, began to sprout up like mushrooms in the Magic Forest.

All these changes are sweeping through Gensoukyou at an eerie speed. The true cause seems to be the disgusting youkai, Yukari Yakumo, who has entered into some chilling cooperative agreement with humans from a world similar to Gensoukyou but much larger, known as the Persian Sector.

Feeling disgusted by it all and desiring to see bloods flowing immediately, Kijin Seija slipped out of Gensoukyou and came to the surface of Hakurei.

With the body and mental resilience gained through years of training, she easily bypassed the guards of humans and ordinary youkai from the outside world. Using a shuttle she happened to find somewhere, she successfully infiltrated an orbital shipyard and, quite "coincidentally," obtained an unarmed but autonomously operational armed spacecraft.

The clever Tenma quickly learned how to use this marvelous ship. With full confidence, she embarked on a delightful interstellar journey...

* * *

"Detecting signature from a safety-overrided engine, speculating that the unknown ship's safety protocols have been breached."

"High-energy readings ahead..."