Location: Mayasura System, outlaying arm of Gelan’s ring system
Date: 82.10.21

Even to this day, there are only tales and rumors of what happen to that majority of Mayasuran navy task forces, that where not at Mairaath during that cataclysmic day. Whether the defenses of Mairaath were left thin by betrayal, an oversight in converging fleet operation timetables, sabotage, or divine intervention.

The most coherent account comes from a group of heavy Mayasuran task force elements, as they approched the inner system jump point on their way back to Mairaath. The thoughts of the crew on their reunion with their lighter counterparts and MSS Garuda which they left with a picket fleet, but also on the newest outage in Mayasuras Hyperwave Comsystem. A stain, outside of their force to remedy, with the comsystems Tri-Tachyon origin and maintenance.

The first flashes of Mairaaths razing pass right as they enter the system, letting them witness the devestation which thought they could not have intervened, in had they entered system 6 hours sooner. While still stunned, orders are given reflexively; making light of the exemplary training that the Mayasuran Navy is known for.

As the course to Mairaath is followed, blimps accelerate out of Gelan's Shackle. At the current orbital constellation puts Gelans ring on the path of Mairaaths direct jump-point approach, pickets should have been present. Their fate however is getting clear as ship signatures are identified. The Mayasurans are outnumbered, outgunned and outmaneuvered, yet leaving is out of the question; not that they could. 

Emergency repairs, that the hyperspace storms between Thule and Mayasura made necessary, completed with the time bought by a swift course reversel, the fleet stands ready awaiting their adversaries; and your orders. The outcome looks bleak, the odds are not even worth calculating, but that until the end, has never stopped a true Mayasuran navy officer.

* * * 

What the Mayasurans could not know, was that the raiders where about to leave for a rallying point; that all of this is just down to bad timing.
